Our demo project has the ability to run a sort of
simulation for the hamsters and the races.
Since this is kind of a real‑time operation,
I thought this was a good use of SQS.
Normally you'd want to have another service on the
other end consuming the messages, but, for our demo,
we'll have the same application send and receive messages.
Let's start with sending.
In the lib/data/lib folder, there's an sqs.js file.
This is the file that will send the results of each race simulation.
As usual, replace your region first on line 3.
Now, pushing a message to a queue requires you to have the full queue URL.
I've abstracted this push function so it only requires a queueName,
and then we will retrieve the queue URL.
So our first step will be to do that.
Inside the push function, create a params const object.
It will only need one property, QueueName,
which you can give the value of the queueName function argument.
Inside the following Promise, we're going to call the function SQS.getQueueUrl,
passing in params as the first argument and a callback with
err and data arguments as the second.
If there's an err object, call reject with it; otherwise, add an else block.
Here, we will have a successful URL, so create a params const object.
The first property is going to be MessageBody,
which is the message we're going to send.
We will need to turn the message into JSON,
so call JSON.stringify and pass in the msg function argument.
The next property is QueueUrl, and you can give it the value of data.QueueUrl.
After the params object,
we'll call sqs.sendMessage with the first argument being params and a
callback function with an err argument as the second.
If there's an err object, call reject with err; otherwise, just call resolve.
This is all we need to do to send a message.
In the params for our sendMessage call,
we could have added something like delay seconds or
visibility timeout if we wanted it to be different and
override the queue defaults; and with that,
we're done making our changes for sending the messages. In the next clip, we'll implement the polling part of our project.